Goals:
To know what webserver is 
if I need IIS to develop and text asp.net web applications
how to check if IIS is installed
installing IIS
Configuring IIS server to run asp.net web application

What is Webserver?
In simple terms, a webserver is a software, that is used to deliver web pages to clients using HTTP. For example, IIS is a webserver that can be used to run asp.net web applications.

Do you need IIS to develop and test asp.net we applications?
No, Visiual Studio ships with a built in webserver. If you want to just build and test applications on your machine, you do not need an IIS. Built-in web server will not serve request to another computer. By default, visual studio uses the built in web server. 
if you need to run ASP APP on server then you would have to point the url to the application

How to check if IIS is installed
1) Click on the windows start button
2) type INETMGR in therun window.
3) Clcik ok
4) If you get IIS manager window, it is installed other wise it isnot

How to install IIS?
1) Clickon the start button and select control panel and then click on programs.
2) Click on turn windows features on or off, uder programs and features options
3) In the windows features, select Internet Information Serivices and related services.

To configure a virtual directory in IIS to run asp.net web applications
1) In the IIS Manager Window, double click on the iis server name in the connection section.
2) Expand sites
3) Right Click on Default Website, and select Add Applicaiton.
4) Give an alias name. This  is the name you will use in the URL, when connecting to your web application
5) Click thebutton next to the textbox under physical path. Select the physical web application folder.

You can also create the virtual directory from visual studio, on the project properties window,
1) Select Use Local IIS Web Server
2) Project Url will be populated automatically. You can change the name of the virtual direcotyr if you wish to do so.
3) Click create virtual Directory button.
4) After a few seconds the virtual directory was success fully create message will appear.
5) Click ok